Twitter's services, corporate affiliates, and your privacy Skip to main content Help Center Twitter, our services, and corporate affiliates We offer Twitter and other services in order to give everyone the power to create and share ideas and information instantly, without barriers. Some of our services, like TweetDeck, provide you with tools to customize and curate your Twitter experience. Other services may enable experiences outside of Twitter. These services link to and are covered by our Privacy Policy, which describes how and when they collect, use and share your information. When these services that are covered by our Privacy Policy have additional privacy terms specific to them, we tell you that through the service. We also operate companies that provide services under their own separate terms and privacy policies. For more on our corporate affiliates and their privacy practices, please see the links below to their privacy policies: Vine Archive Twitpic Archive Revue Scroll Share this article Tweet Twitter platform Twitter.com Status Accessibility Embed a Tweet Privacy Center Transparency Center Twitter, Inc. About the company Twitter for Good Company news Brand toolkit Jobs and internships Investors Help Help Center Using Twitter Twitter for creators Ads Help Center Managing your account Email Preference Center Rules and policies Contact us Developer resources Developer home Documentation Forums Communities Developer blog Engineering blog Developer terms Business resources Advertise Twitter for business Resources and guides Twitter for marketers Marketing insights Brand inspiration Twitter Flight School © 2022 Twitter, Inc. Cookies Privacy Terms and conditions English Help Center English Español 日本語 한국어 Português Deutsch Türkçe Français Italiano العربيّة Nederlands Bahasa Indonesia Русский हिंदी עברית 简体中文 繁體中文 ภาษาไทย Tiếng Việt Melayu Filipino فارسی‌ Dansk Suomi Svenska Norsk Polski Magyar Română Čeština Ελληνικά Українська मराठी தமிழ் Български Català Hrvatski Српски Slovenčina ಕನ್ನಡ ಪಾಷ್ಟೋ Dari Oromo Tigrinya By using Twitter’s services you agree to our Cookies Use. We use cookies for purposes including analytics, personalisation, and ads. OK
