Our global operations and data transfer Skip to main content Help Center Our global operations and data transfer Our services are a window to the world. They are primarily designed to help people share information around the world instantly. To bring you these services, we operate globally. Twitter, Inc., based in the United States, and Twitter International Unlimited Company, based in Ireland, (collectively, “we”) provide our services. We have offices, partners, and service providers around the world that help to deliver the services. Your information, which we receive when you use our services, may be transferred to and stored in the United States, Ireland, and other countries where we operate, including through our offices, partners, and service providers. In some of these countries, the privacy and data protection laws and rules on when data may be accessed may differ from those in the country where you live. We rely on various legal bases to lawfully transfer personal data around the world, including the EU-US Privacy Shield and EU Commission approved model contractual clauses. For a list of the locations where we have offices, please see our company information here. Share this article Tweet Twitter platform Twitter.com Status Accessibility Embed a Tweet Privacy Center Transparency Center Twitter, Inc. About the company Twitter for Good Company news Brand toolkit Jobs and internships Investors Help Help Center Using Twitter Twitter for creators Ads Help Center Managing your account Email Preference Center Rules and policies Contact us Developer resources Developer home Documentation Forums Communities Developer blog Engineering blog Developer terms Business resources Advertise Twitter for business Resources and guides Twitter for marketers Marketing insights Brand inspiration Twitter Flight School © 2022 Twitter, Inc. Cookies Privacy Terms and conditions English Help Center English Español 日本語 한국어 Português Deutsch Türkçe Français Italiano العربيّة Nederlands Bahasa Indonesia Русский हिंदी עברית 简体中文 繁體中文 ภาษาไทย Tiếng Việt Melayu Filipino فارسی‌ Dansk Suomi Svenska Norsk Polski Magyar Română Čeština Ελληνικά Українська मराठी தமிழ் Български Català Hrvatski Српски Slovenčina ಕನ್ನಡ ಪಾಷ್ಟೋ Dari Oromo Tigrinya By using Twitter’s services you agree to our Cookies Use. We use cookies for purposes including analytics, personalisation, and ads. OK
