What are Promoted Ads? Skip to main content Business What are Promoted Ads? Promoted Ads are ordinary Tweets purchased by advertisers who want to reach a wider group of users or spark engagement from their existing followers. All Promoted Ads are clearly labeled as "Promoted" when an advertiser is paying for their placement on Twitter. In every other respect, Promoted Ads are just like regular Tweets and can be Retweeted, replied to, liked, and more. Promoted Ads can be text-only (as shown here), or include images or videos. To see more examples of Promoted Ads and their specifications, please click here. Where? There are a number of places you might see a Promoted Ad: At the top of relevant search results pages on Twitter. Promoted Ads from our advertising partners are called out at the top of some search results pages and through select ecosystem partners. In search results for a Trend Takeover. You may also see a Promoted Ad in the search results when you click on a Trend Takeover. Your timeline. Promoted Ads may be visible within your timeline if an advertiser has promoted a Tweet that is relevant to you. User profiles. Promoted Ads will display on select profiles that fit the targeting credentials configured for a campaign. Official Twitter clients. Promoted Ads from our advertising partners may also be displayed through Twitter’s official desktop and mobile clients, including Twitter for iPhone and Twitter for Android. Note: It’s possible to see a Promoted Ad that doesn't appear on the advertiser’s profile page. Advertisers have the option to send highly-targeted and relevant Promoted Ads to a specific audience only, without that Tweet being sent to all followers. However, any Promoted Ad you see is still a part of Twitter, and can generally be found by searching for the Tweet. When? We’re focused on providing a great user experience, first and foremost. As a result, we’re thoughtful in how we display Promoted Ads, and are conservative about the number of Promoted Ads that people see in a single day. Any Promoted Ad people see in their timeline will appear just once, at or near the top of their timeline. Then, the Promoted Ad will scroll through their timeline just like any other Tweet. Don't like what you see? Dismiss the Promoted Ad from your timeline by clicking the arrow in the top right corner of the Tweet and clicking "I don't like this ad". How? Promoted Ads are shown when an advertiser pays for their placement on Twitter. Anyone can start a Twitter Ads campaign*, and we have multiple campaign objectives to help you achieve your advertising goal. All Twitter advertisers are subject to our Twitter Ads Policies. Learn how to get started. Frequently asked questions How does Twitter determine which Promoted Ads to display in a user's timeline? A Promoted Ad will appear in a user’s feed only if the Tweet is likely to be interesting and relevant to them. Our platform uses a variety of signals to determine which Promoted Ads are relevant to users, including who a user chooses to follow, how they interact with a Tweet, what they Retweet, and more. Why am I seeing a certain ad? Your activity on Twitter, the information you provide to Twitter, and our relationships with ad partners all help make promoted content more relevant for you. When you use Twitter to follow, Tweet, search, view, or interact with Tweets or Twitter accounts, we may use these actions to customize Twitter Ads for you. For example, if you search for a specific term, we may show you promoted content related to that topic. We also might customize ads using other information about you, such as your profile information, your mobile device location (if location features are turned on), your IP address, and the apps installed on your device. This helps us show you local ads and other ads that you might prefer. Twitter may also personalize ads based on information that Twitter and our affiliates collect, and that our ad partners share with us, such as a hashed email address, a mobile device identifier, or browser-related information (such as a browser cookie ID). This helps Twitter display ads about things you’ve already shown interest in from brands and businesses that you may like. For example, you could receive a Promoted Ad that includes a deal or promotion from a business whose website you frequent, or whose email newsletter you subscribe to. You could also see this business as a Follower Ad in one of your "Who to follow" suggestions. How can I dismiss a Promoted Ad? You can dismiss a Promoted Ad from your feed by clicking the down arrow in the top right corner of the Tweet and choosing "I don't like this ad". Can I opt-out of seeing Promoted Ads? We are strongly committed to delivering the most relevant ads to the right user at the right time. You can simply dismiss a Promoted Ad from your feed by choosing "I don't like this ad," but you cannot opt-out of seeing ads in your feed entirely. As always, we pay close attention to how consumers interact with Promoted Ads and continue to make iterations and improvements as we better understand consumer reaction. How can I report a Promoted Ad? Use this form to submit feedback on Twitter Ads, or learn more about reporting Twitter Ads. Ready to get started? Create your ad Twitter platform Twitter.com Status Accessibility Embed a Tweet Privacy Center Transparency Center Twitter, Inc. About the company Twitter for Good Company news Brand toolkit Jobs and internships Investors Help Help Center Using Twitter Twitter for creators Ads Help Center Managing your account Email Preference Center Rules and policies Contact us Developer resources Developer home Documentation Forums Communities Developer blog Engineering blog Developer terms Business resources Advertise Twitter for business Resources and guides Twitter for marketers Marketing insights Brand inspiration Twitter Flight School © 2022 Twitter, Inc. Cookies Privacy Terms and conditions English Business Deutsch English Español Français Português 日本語 العربية 简体中文 By using Twitter’s services you agree to our Cookies Use. We use cookies for purposes including analytics, personalisation, and ads. OK This page and certain other Twitter sites place and read third party cookies on your browser that are used for non-essential purposes including targeting of ads. Through these cookies, Google, LinkedIn and NewsCred collect personal data about you for their own purposes. Learn more. Accept Decline
